Fix broken external links (#36704)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-osp-deploying-bare-metal-machines.adoc

* The {rh-openstack} link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.1/html/bare_metal_provisioning/index[Bare Metal service (Ironic)] is enabled and accessible via the {rh-openstack} Compute API.

> * Bare metal is available as link:!https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.1/html/bare_metal_provisioning/sect-configure#creating_the_bare_metal_flavor[a {rh-openstack} flavor].

Author: fyi @maxwelldb

Reviewer: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.1/html/bare_metal_provisioning/configuring-the-bare-metal-provisioning-service-after-deployment#creating-the-bare-metal-flavor_bare-metal-post-deployment should work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bare metal is available as link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.1/html/bare_metal_provisioning/configuring-the-bare-metal-provisioning-service-after-deployment#creating-the-bare-metal-flavor_bare-metal-post-deployment[a {rh-openstack} flavor].

```
